add utilization rate note & version compatibility (#983)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/7.monitor-parameter.md

This topic will describe the monitoring metrics in Nebula Dashboard.

## Machine

!!! note

>     - The operating system of the monitored machine is Linux by default.

Reviewer: It does not make sense. The MONITORED MACHINE should not have a default operating system, because we don't know that. The default value, if there is one, should be `-` or simply a space ` `. Unless there is only one condition `Linux` because only Linux is supported.

Plz correct me if I misunderstand the situation.

Author: i think i need to reorganize this sentence ---->all the machine metrics listed below are for the Linux operating system.

Reviewer: That makes sense lol

>     - The default unit in **Disk** and **Network** is byte. The unit will be changed with the data magnitude as the page displays. For example, when the flow is less than 1 KB/s, the unit will be Bytes/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The default unit for **Disk** and **Network** is byte. The unit changes with the data magnitude as the page displays. For example, when the flow is less than 1 KB/s, the unit is Bytes/s.
```
